Update integrations.rst (#193)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/components/integrations.rst

        }
    }

.. note:: 

>     `HelloWorldIntegration::NAME` must only contain letters (a-zA-Z).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``HelloWorldIntegration::NAME`` must only contain letters such as a-z or A-Z.
```

Inline code requires double back-ticks for RST, which is why the linter is failing. Also removed the brackets and expanded in text per the prose suggestion.
